THINGS TO BE IN THE OFF-CHAIN DATABASE EVENTUALLY
1. User info (only username and user score will be saved on-chain against user address)
2. Counter challenge
3. Unresolved Challenge (only resolved/completed challenge will be saved on-chain)
4. The leaderboard info


REGISTRATION & USERNAME
User connects wallet, a check is made to know if they're registered or not;
    1. if they are registered already, they are taken to their dashboard
    2. if they are not registered, a random username is generated for them 
        and they are registered and after registration, they are taken to their dashboard.

Once user connects wallet, they can go ahead to play the game as they would have registered under the hood.

When on their dashboard, they can decide to update their username and they can only update their username once.
You can only update username once after registration on the frontend, if you dont supply a username, 
we will generate a random one for you at registration.
NB: We will eventually save user info on the off-chain database, what we'll save on-chain will be user_address against username
    username will be used as key to saving user info in the database

SINGLE GAME
For every time a user plays, his score is accumulated
and this will be used to judge the global leaderboard;
the more a user plays, the more the scores the player accumulate,
the higher their position on the global leaderboard.
(this will keep players on the platform) - we might have incentives for the
leaders on the leaderboard. this will incentivise the player and keep them
to maintain their spot on the leaderboard.
NB: For single player, as long as the player is still playing, we will keep accumulating
    his score but we won't update it on-chain but as soon as the player exits the game,
    his accumulated score is updated on-chain. this is to prevent wastage of transaction fee
    because we are the one paying for the transaction fee not the player



CHALLENGE
any player on the global ranking can challenge another player on the leaderboard,
and when the challenge is accepted, both of them will play, depending on the number
games they accept to play. they stake and play and at the end of the game,
winner takes it all and an agreed number of points will be deducted from the loser
and added to the winner points, increasing the winner ranking on the leaderboard.
DETAILS:
There will be challenge object that consist of
Challenge {
    challenge_id,
    challenger ,
    challenged,
    stake_amount,
    number_of_games,
    points_to_deduct,
    completed,
    created_at,
    challenge status (ACCEPTED, REJECTED, COUNTERED(counter_id)),
}

Counter_Challenge {
    counter_id,
    challenge_id,
    stake_amount,
    number_of_games,
    points_to_deduct,
    status,
}


FLOW:
Player challenge another player. 
- if the challenged accepts the challenge with the conditions, 
    then the challenes goes on and the challenge can be completed after that.
- if the challenged does not accept the challenge conditions, 
    he can counter challenge with his own conditions and if the challenger is ok with
    the counter challenge conditions, he can accept or reject. With that, the challenge
    is not complete, the challenger can update the original challenge and resend it
    to the challenged and the process can continue until the final acceptance or the
    challenge is closed by the challenger.
NB: This whole process might be saved on a backend database and only accepted challenes
will be saved on-chain to avoid saving unnecessary information on-chain.
- if the challenger rejects the challenge, the challenge stays open and the challenger 
    can update the challenge and send it back to the challenged. if not, the challenger
    can close the challenge.
NB: I am still not sure if i want to save rejected but closed challenge on chain. 
    i will figure that out later
when the players finish playing and there's a tie, the frontend/backend will pick that and 
give the players chance to play for a certain number of time (say 2 times) to pick a winner.
a winner must just emerge.
for the mode of the game later: players will be given the chance to either pick...
    1. only stake
    2. point deduction
    3. stake and point deduction
    


MULTI-PLAYER AND STAKING
2 or more players can decide to play together. they stake and play
the game. the game creator sets the sharing percentage format between all players.
for instance, if they are 5, he could set it to be 50%, 30%, 20% (top 3)
but the platform fee is constant (5% of the total stake).
the total score accumulated in a game like this will also be added to each players score on the leaderboard
DETAILS: 
Game creator will create the game and send the link to others to join the game,
each player joins by staking their token and when the time stipulated by the creator reaches,
no player is allowed to join and again, when the time stipulated for the game to start
reaches, each player is able to play the game and when each player finish playing the game,
the score is calculated and at the end of the last player playing the game, the final
leaderboard is revealed, showing the winner and their winnings.


LEADERBOARD
the leaderboard array will be sent to the frontend to display the leaderboard
on the frontend, there will be a function to loop the array and display the leaderboard
there will be a function on the smart contact to update the leaderboard
when the function updates the leaderboard, it will emit an event
this event will be caught on the frontend and when it's caught, the frontend will fetch the leaderboard array from the smart contract
when it's fetched, the function on the frontend will loop the array and display the leaderboard
this will be a continous process on the frontend
the leaderboard will be updated every time a player score is updated on the smart contract
